PRE:Once upon a time heroes were revered.
PRE:Great warriors who fought evil sorcerers and monsters.
PRE:All for the peace and prosperity of the kingdom. Without looking for anything in return.
PRE:Many long years passed.
PRE:And those heroes were gone.
PRE:But...
PRE:There are still some who are still seeking glory.
=BOSQUE
-???:Kamerlin's beard! For eons no one has dropped in these parts.
-Kamerlín:Let me introde myself, little lad. I'm Kamerlin, the wizard of this land.
:I believe you are looking for adventure, isn't it?. I can see it in your eyes.
:¿What's your name? 
-Player:(Introduce el nombre)
-Kamerlín:Nice to meet you, Any question?
-Player:(Dos opciones de dialogo)
:Where I am?
:I wanna be a Hero!
-Kamerlín(P1):I'm glad you asked . This is the most powerful region of the kingdom, QUESTVILLE.
:Lands of Heroes. The most famous heroes in the world came from here.
:Some of them were my pupils. Good times!
:Ups! I'm beating around the bush.  
:If you are looking for an adventure and you want to be a heroe, you are in the correct place.
:Also you are talking to the correct person.
:But before continuing, accompany me to my cabin. My old legs can't take it anymore.
:I have witnessed thousands of battles, but I cannot fight old age.
-Kamerlín(P2): Hohoho, be patient, young adventurer.
:All in due time. Great heroes are not created overnight.
:I still remember those nights in the depths of the Questville's woods when ...
:Ups! I'm beating around the bush.  
:If you are looking for adventures and be a hero, you are in the correct place.
:Also you are talking to the correct person.
:But before continuing, accompany me to my cabin. My old legs can't take it anymore.
:I have witnessed thousands of battles, but I cannot fight old age.
=CABAÑA
-Kamerlín: Thank you for coming with me. Young people wouldn't listen to this poor old man.
:They don't understand about companionship or solidarity.
:But you are different.
:What was I saying? Oh! Of course! You want to be a HERO!
:You have the stuff. I can see it. You are strong and brave.
:Strong and brave are good skills to become a hero, but it's not enough to be the GREATEST Hero. 
:Trust me, I have been a mentor to many of them.
:If you want to be the greatest hero, you need ...
-???: ¡¡¡¡KAMERLIIIIIINN!!!!
-Kamerlín: Oh no! Sounds like Tario, the bartender, is in trouble.
:¡Hurry up! There's no time to lose.